Wrangler2 release (#3909)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/environments.md

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Environments
weight: 6
---

> 

Reviewer: This needs a "WORK IN PROGRESS" banner.

## Environments

> wrangler v2 supports environments from wrangler v1 (herafter referred to as "legacy" environments). It also supports the newer, preferred, first class service environmentson the Cloudflare Workers platform. This document describes the features and differences between the two.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wrangler` v2 supports environments from wrangler v1 (herafter referred to as legacy environments). It also supports the newer, preferred, first-class service environments on the Cloudflare Workers platform. This document describes the features and differences between the two.
```

> `wrangler` v2 supports environments from wrangler v1 (herafter referred to as legacy environments). It also supports the newer, preferred, first-class service environments on the Cloudflare Workers platform. This document describes the features and differences between the two.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wrangler` 2 supports environments from wrangler 1 (herafter referred to as legacy environments). It also supports the newer, preferred, first-class service environments on the Cloudflare Workers platform. This document describes the features and differences between the two.
```
